Mary Pott Visiting Writer Series
Visiting Author Jim Aylesworth

March is Reading Month, and this year the first annual Mary Pott Visitng Writer Series is proud to sponsor a visit from Mr. Jim Aylesworth to Hamliton Elementary and Sandyview Elementary Schools.  Mr. Aylesworth has written more than 25 children's books, including The Tale of Tricky Fox, The Burger and the Hot Dog, and Naughty Little Monkeys.

The Mary Pott Visiting Writer Series is a program supported by the Mary Pott Elementary Education Fund.  Mary's family established the Fund in her memory, after her sudden death in February 2002, with the hundreds of donations given by her friends, family, former students, and many others.  Mary taught for more than three decades at Hamilton Elementary School, and she touched the lives of hundreds of people during her time there.  

The Fund has supported several programs for the Hamilton district's elementary schools, donating dozens of books to their libraries and encouraging children in the district's summer school programs to become more involved in reading.

Now, Mary's desire to encourage children to read has led her family to establish the Visiting Writer Series as a way for children to be inspired by meeting authors of books they know and enjoy.  The Visiting Writer Series will be an ongoing program sponsored by the Fund, and will help bring more well-known authors to visit the schools.



About the Fund

The Mary Pott Elementary Education Fund is a donor-advised fund, directed by Mary's family, with assets managed by the Allegan County Community Foundation.  The ACCF has been instrumental in the fund's success and growth.

While the Fund has a strong base, continuing and expanding its work requires financial support.  Donating to the Fund is easier than ever, now that the Allegan County Community accepts donations through their web site, http://www.alleganfoundation.org/  Please consider making a donation, so that the Fund can continue expanding and helping more students for years to come.




Endowed or Non-Endowed -- what's the difference?

You may make a donation to the Endowed Fund or the Non-Endowed Fund.  

Donations given to the Endowed Fund will support the long-term endowment, which provides a perpetual stream of funding to support the Fund's objectives.  We cannot use the money in the Endowed Fund directly; we have access to a percentage of the total value year after year.  This protects the endowment from being used up, helping guarantee that it will continue to be available for many, many years.  Donations made to the Endowed Fund are eligible for both the Michigan tax credit, as well as a tax deduction.

Donations given to the Non-Endowed Fund can be used for special projects or immediate needs because the total amount are completely available for our use at any time.  Donations given to the Non-Endowed Fund are ONLY eligible for a tax deduction.

